An interest and respect for one another, you know.
How did you feel yesterday?
This won't relate to anything, but how did you feel when you saw all those people walking by the table and handling the Nuremberg Chronicle and these papers?
Well, I was hoping they'd handle it carefully.
Did it upset you?
Did you feel any kind of... No, I wished I could have been over there telling them about it.
What they were.
In fact, that Costanzo book,
isn't an original it's a reprint from the 30s and they've got it miss really the costenza yeah they've got it misidentified yeah i imagine the chrono library knows what it is but that was one of the zamorano 80 books and uh the original that would be very very rare but that was a 1930s reprint it was probably a
privately done thing by Henry R. Wagner.
He was the cartologist and scholar of Spanish Southwest America in his day.
In fact, he wrote a wonderful bibliography called The Spanish Southwest, and he published it in Albuquerque.
It was part of a series of books, The Spanish Southwest, and it was
and is still the bibliography of colonial Southwest America.
But he did some privately printed stuff like that.
One of the things that I've noted, and I've interviewed perhaps 25 really interesting collectors so far, is that inevitably there comes a point where I know that this person knows his books.
And I have to wonder, I mean, when you acquired a book,
I have to believe it didn't go immediately on the shelf.
I mean, you must have read it and devoured it and certainly became intimate with it.
Well, generally I knew about the book before I acquired it.
Really?
I knew its significance.
Whether it was in a library or in a junk store at the bottom of a box, I knew it instantly.
So how did you find out about it?
I read it before you went to acquire it.
Oh, I read, I knew.
You knew?
You know, I knew bibliographies.
So you had a want list?
In my head.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, some things I'd write down, very little I would, but I'd know.